Psalm 30 a psalm a song of the
dedication of the house of David
I will extol you O Lord for you have
lifted me up and have not let my foes
rejoice over me O Lord my god I cried
out to you and you healed me O Lord you
brought my soul up from the grave you
have kept me alive that I should not go
down to the pit sing praise to the Lord
you saints of his and give thanks at the
remembrance of his holy name for his
anger is but for a moment his favor is
for life weeping may endure for a night
but joy comes in the morning now in my
prosperity I said I shall never be moved
Lord by your favor you have made my
mountains stand strong you hid your face
and I was troubled I cried out to you O
Lord and to the Lord I made supplication
what profit is there in my blood when I
go down to the pit will the dust praise
you
will it declare your truth here Oh Lord
and have mercy on me Lord be my helper
you have turned for me my mourning into
dancing you have put off my sack love
and clothed me with gladness to the end
that my glory may sing praise to you and
not be silent
o Lord my god I will give thanks to you
forever
you